[EDU-4133] feat: add Gatsby boilerplate guide. (#897)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/templates/gatsby-boilerplate.mdx

The Gatsby Boilerplate uses Gatsby version `5.13.3` and React version `18.2.0`.

---

## Requirements

To use this template, you must:

- Generate a GitHub personal token.

:::tip
While generating your GitHub personal token, grant your scope with the permissions to authorize an OAuth app or a personal token to access public and private repositories, including read and write access to code. You must also enable the **workflow** option to allow adding and updating GitHub Actions workflow files. 

Note that permissions can be scoped either to a user, an organization, or a repository. Read the [Creating a personal access token documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#creating-a-personal-access-token-classic) for more information.
:::

You must also activate:
<Badge>
[Application Accelerator](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/application-accelerator/)
</Badge>

> To enable them:

Author: ```suggestion
To enable it:
```

1. Access [Azion Console](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-azion-console/) > **Account menu**.
2. Select the **Billing & Subscriptions** option.
3. Select the **Subscriptions** tab.

> 4. Activate the switch for each module.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Activate the switch for the module.
```

:::caution[warning]

> If these modules are activated, the execution of this template could generate usage-related costs. Check the [pricing page](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
If a module is activated, the execution of this template could generate usage-related costs. Check the [pricing page](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information.
```

This template deploys an edge application, a domain, and a related GitHub repository to facilitate your access and management. It also contains a GitHub Action to enable a continuous integration workflow and keep your application and repository up to date.

The Gatsby Boilerplate uses Gatsby version `5.13.3` and React version `18.2.0`.

---

## Requirements

To use this template, you must:

- Generate a GitHub personal token.

:::tip
While generating your GitHub personal token, grant your scope with the permissions to authorize an OAuth app or a personal token to access public and private repositories, including read and write access to code. You must also enable the **workflow** option to allow adding and updating GitHub Actions workflow files. 

Note that permissions can be scoped either to a user, an organization, or a repository. Read the [Creating a personal access token documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#creating-a-personal-access-token-classic) for more information.
:::

You must also activate:

> <Badge>
> [Edge Functions](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/edge-functions/)
> </Badge>
> <br/>

Author: ```suggestion
```

<Badge>
[Application Accelerator](/en/documentation/products/build/edge-application/application-accelerator/)
</Badge>

To enable them:

1. Access [Azion Console](/en/documentation/products/guides/how-to-access-azion-console/) > **Account menu**.
2. Select the **Billing & Subscriptions** option.
3. Select the **Subscriptions** tab.
4. Activate the switch for each module.

:::caution[warning]

> If these modules are activated, the execution of this template could generate usage-related costs. Check the [pricing page](https://www.azion.com/en/pricing/) for more information.

Reviewer: vamos mudar os links para o pricing da doc?

Author: deixei uma tarefa para fezer isso logo
